hello everyone so today I'm going to
share with you guys my summer nighttime
routine so one of my favorite things to
do when I get home is start burning
candle it's literally so relaxing to me
and it just really like puts me in a
good mood I don't know it's weird so I'm
just lighting my summer Boardwalk candle
from Bath & Body Works and then this
random one that I have from Target
after that I like to just chill on my
phone and kind of just watch some
YouTube videos and just catch up on my
social media so I love being on Twitter
and Instagram and I said this like a
million times but definitely follow me
on there if you guys ever have any
specific questions for me or you just
want to talk or something that's the
best place where you can contact me and
I will more than likely always respond
so yeah definitely follow me on there
so after I have relaxed for a little bit
I like to head to the bathroom and take
off my makeup and do all that fun stuff
so my favorite way to take off my makeup
is with coconut oil this literally beats
any makeup remover just anything it's
amazing if you have not already known
that coconut oil is literally so amazing
for you it has so many benefits Beauty
benefits and I love it so much so all I
do is basically just apply that to my
eye and then I just take a baby wipe and
just wipe everything off and not
irritating to my eyes or anything like
that so if you have sensitive eyes this
is amazing for you it just melts all my
makeup off and I love it
so yeah you can get coconut oil at any
grocery store in the organic section and
I believe it's like eight dollars so
it's not that expensive I also applied
to my face and just wipe away my face
makeup so tonight is one of those nights
where it's just a pamper night for me so
I'm just taking my hair out and I'm
going to do a coconut treatment tonight
in my hair so I'm just applying the
coconut oil directly to my hair like I
said it has a ton of Beauty benefits and
putting coconut oil in your hair is one
of the best things you can do to it if
you have like you know dry ends or just
damaged hair this is the best thing you
can do so you could heat it up it's best
when it's like a hot oil treatment but I
didn't feel like it so I'm just doing it
right out of the bottle but it still
works really good I'm just sectioning
off my hair and lathering my entire head
with coconut oil
then I'm just putting it up into a
ponytail and then I look really cute
right no I'm kidding and then I'm going
to just take a plastic bag and then just
wrap that really tight that way
everything is nice and sealed you can
leave this on for however long or little
time you want tonight I left it on for
an hour there are days when I just go
all day with this and the longer you
leave it into better could also sleep
with it if you want but I just did not
feel like it tonight so then I'm going
in with this Freeman feeling beautiful
avocado clay mask you can get these at
any drugstore they're so amazing and I'm
just applying this all over my face
because like I said I want to have a
pamper night to myself tonight and now
I'm gonna get in the shower and take all
this stuff off so these are some of the
products I use in the shower so I get my
showers at night whenever I don't go to
the gym because if I do go to the gym
during the day obviously I get my
showers during the day but today I was
just feeling super lazy so I didn't go
and yes I do need to paint my toes don't
mind them
after getting out of the shower I like
to wash my face with my Clarisonic the
cleanser I'm using today is this floral
remedy cleanser and I actually got this
in my mini box video if you have not
watched my needs if you have not watched
my Mimi box unboxing video I will leave
a link down below for you guys I got
some Korean beauty products that was
super exciting so yeah I'm just applying
the cleanser all over my face and then
my Clarisonic does the rest of the work
for me I'm so obsessed with this it's
the best part of my skincare and yes it
is definitely worth the money and I have
the MIA - if you guys are interested
after that I'm going in with my toner
they did not have the cleaning clear
toner when I went to the store to get it
so I had to settle for the equate brand
which is not a big deal it's pretty much
the same thing and it's a little bit
cheaper so that's always good then I'm
going to take my ponds dry skin cream
and apply that all over my face I like
to avoid getting dry patches that's why
I love lathering my face with
moisturizer at night I do have some
breakouts so I'm going in with my
cleaning clear spot treatment and just
applying that to the spots on my face
where I have some breakouts and then I'm
going to brush my teeth and now I'm
heading to my room to pick out my PJs my
PJs always consist of a big t-shirt and
shorts or in tonight's case I'm wearing
my boyfriend's boxers because they're
really comfortable and anytime he
doesn't want any boxers he always gives
them to me so shout out to him because
they're so comfy and that's always what
I wear every single night and I love it
so just give me a minute I'm gonna
change and I'll be back in a few
and that's my outfit of the night so for
my hair these are the two products that
I use tonight
I pretty much change them every couple
days I don't use the same thing every
single night but these are definitely
two of my favorite I always like to let
my hair air dry but I like to keep it
out of my face so I'm going to use this
headband I got this from Walmart and I'm
just putting this to get my hair out of
my face
now I can go downstairs and relax and
catch up on my shows for the rest of the
night so what else is new I am on
YouTube and I'm watching Pretty Little
Liars as well that is my little cousin
right there sitting with me every once
in a while she comes over to my house
and she spent a couple nights with me
and I love her so yeah we're watching
Pretty Little Liars she is just as
obsessed with it as I am
so we're catching up on some of the new
episode that just aired so now we're
getting ready for bed so I'm taking off
all the pillows and just getting
everything situated and comfy
who really goes to sleep right away when
they go into bed I always em on my phone
it's like such a bad habit and as you
can see so is she so she's actually
watching Netflix on her phone because we
love Netflix as well so that is
basically everything for my nighttime
routine I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did please give this video a thumbs
up and leave me your feedback down below
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
for more videos in the future and I will
talk to you guys very soon in my next
video bye